In web_server_manager.cpp, when selecting the message number, is it possibel to have all message in text display and add a radia button to select only one fo them. The selected one will have another background color. If a css have to be modified, it should be included in the class file.

In web_server_manager.cpp, coudl you add button to add or remove a message with its messageNum. if needed, you shoul denumber the messagea must go from 1 to latest message number.

in the main.cpp, function loop, couldyou implement a state machine that will make manage the life of the application, States are: STARTING (that will play a message number 3, saying that application is starting, running also the web server). This state will be 30s, newt a state "READY, WAITING", where need wait for push button., other state "PLAYING TONE", where the Tone is played after the button is pushed, then state, "INIBITED", a period of time of about 10s, bore coming back to READY_WAITING state


In TonePlayer, the logic is chnaged and we will use the gpio 19 status connected to busy-pin from df player. No need to check is mp3player.isavailable, but use the gpio 19 state high as available, and low as busy reading. 

Could you simplify RadioMessageHanlder class. onInterrup() should only store endlessly received interval in a circular buffer. The update() should first check the messageReceived variable, if a it has been already found, and not rlelaesed, end of function, if no messageReceived is false, only read (only) the circular buffer, in order to search a sync pattern, and then check if the whole message is found. If the message is found then the messageReceived variable has to be set to true. The resetActivation() should release the messageReceived, when main program will be ready to manage a new message received.